I personally took people here to eat.
Talk about your own business, don't be bored while eating.
It sounds like you have such a hard time driving around.
It was not easy to get out of the hospital.
Come back and take a look, don't give you any help in this early stage.
It seems that there is nothing to build up ahead.
You are not the woman you are now, you are still the big girl in the fifth line of sending light.
If your Yu family hadn't told you that you were such a loser.
Just adjournment service is dead.
Okay, they're all dead.
Dying.
I think this old reformer like you is short of money.
Looking at the previous post, at his wedding,
But female money.
Mostly one sentence.
You are considered guilty.
Today is my wedding day
Who passed the face test there?
This wasteful thing
Admit that the belly is there
Sister Nao, do you want money?
As long as you compare with me
Richness is right over there
I accept it as a businessman's way